Add NFT tutorial - Closes #844 (#982)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/nft.adoc

// extend base asset to implement your custom asset
class PurchaseNFTAsset extends BaseAsset {
  // define unique asset name and id
  name = "purchaseNFT";
  id = 1;
  // define asset schema for serialization
  schema = {
    $id: "lisk/nft/purchase",
    type: "object",
    required: ["nftId", "purchaseValue", "name"],
    properties: {
      nftId: {
        dataType: "bytes",
        fieldNumber: 1,
      },
      purchaseValue: {
        dataType: "uint64",
        fieldNumber: 2,
      },
      name: {
        dataType: "string",
        fieldNumber: 3,
      },
    },
  };

  async apply({ asset, stateStore, reducerHandler, transaction }) {
    // verify if purchasing nft exists <1>
    const nftTokens = await getAllNFTTokens(stateStore);
    const nftTokenIndex = nftTokens.findIndex((t) => t.id.equals(asset.nftId));

    if (nftTokenIndex < 0) {
      throw new Error("Token id not found");
    }
    // verify if minimum nft purchasing condition met <2>
    const token = nftTokens[nftTokenIndex];
    const tokenOwner = await stateStore.account.get(token.ownerAddress);
    const tokenOwnerAddress = tokenOwner.address;

>     if (token && token.minPurchaseMargin === 0) {

Reviewer: what if `token.minPurchaseMargin` is less than zero

Author: Good point. Will update this from `===` to `<=`

NNeeds to be updated in the example app as well.

Reviewer: yes, it should be added to the validation

Author: oh I accidentally changed the if statement, changed it now back :)

      throw new Error("This NFT can not be purchased");
    }

    const tokenCurrentValue = token.value;
    const tokenMinPurchaseValue =
      tokenCurrentValue +
      (tokenCurrentValue * BigInt(token.minPurchaseMargin)) / BigInt(100);
    const purchaseValue = asset.purchaseValue;

    if (tokenMinPurchaseValue > purchaseValue) {

>       throw new Error("Token can not be purchased value is too low. Minimum value: " + tokenMinPurchaseValue);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      throw new Error("Token can not be purchased. Purchase value is too low. Minimum value: " + tokenMinPurchaseValue);
```

Author: Needs to be updated in the example app as well.

  }
  return txAssetSchema.schema;
};

module.exports = {
  getDBInstance,
  getAllTransactions,
  getTransactions,
  saveTransactions,
  saveNFTHistory,
  getNFTHistory,
}
----

<1> `DB_KEY_TRANSACTIONS`: The key we use to save the transactions in the key-value store.
<2> `encodedTransactionSchema`: The schema how the transactions will be saved in the key-value store.
Here, we define a simple array which contains the encoded transactions.
<3> `encodedNFTHistorySchema`: The schema how the owner history of an NFT is saved in the key-value store
Here, we define a simple array, which contains the adresses of the current and all previous owners of the NFT.
<4> `dbKey`: The key we use to save the owner history of a newly created NFT in the key-value store.
<5> `dbKey`: The same key as in <4>, but it can be retrieved directly from the transaction asset for an existing NFT in the key-value store.

=== The plugin logic

Now go back to `index.js` and implement the desired plugin logic.

The plugin shall provide the following additional data to the application:

* a list of all existing NFTs and their corresponding owner history.
* details of an NFT including the owner history, by NFT ID.

> * a list of all transactions, including their module and asset IDs and the transaction asset.

Reviewer: do you mean a list of all NFT related transactions only?

Author: no, it actually keeps track of all transactions that are sent inn the network, the way it is implemented at the moment.

Reviewer: why is it tracking all instead of only the NFT related transactions?

Author: The application also offers to do transfer transactions from the token module, so these transactions would be missing on the transaction page if it would only keep track of NFT related transactions.

= Non-fungible token (NFT)
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
// Settings
:toc:
:idprefix:
:idseparator: -
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images
:experimental:
// External URLs
:url_github_nft: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples/tree/development/tutorials/nft
:url_react_docs: https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
// Project URLs
:url_references_schemas: references/schemas.adoc
:url_statestore: references/lisk-elements/chain.adoc#state-store
:url_references_token_module: token-module.adoc

In the NFT tutorial, you learn step-by-step how to create a blockchain application which supports NFTs.
You will learn how to create a custom module which adds the feature to create and purchase NFTs to a blockchain application, and a custom plugin which provides additional NFT-related features.

TIP: For the *full code example* please see the {url_github_nft}[NFT app on Github^].

== Fungible vs non-fungible tokens

[cols=",,",options="header",stripes="hover"]
|===
|
|Fungible tokens
|Non-fungible tokens

|Description
|Tokens that can be readily interchanged with each other.
|Each token has unique characteristics which make it special.

|Charactericitics
a|

> * Not unique

Author: I am ont sure we need points here, as it are no full sentences, just checkpoints

    } else if (asset.minPurchaseMargin < 0 || asset.minPurchaseMargin > 100) {
      throw new Error("The NFT minimum purchase value needs to be between 0-100.");
    }
  };

  async apply({ asset, stateStore, reducerHandler, transaction }) {
    // create NFT <2>
    const senderAddress = transaction.senderAddress;
    const senderAccount = await stateStore.account.get(senderAddress);
    const nftToken = createNFTToken({
      name: asset.name,
      ownerAddress: senderAddress,
      nonce: transaction.nonce,
      value: asset.initValue,
      minPurchaseMargin: asset.minPurchaseMargin,
    });

    // update sender account with unique NFT ID <3>
    senderAccount.nft.ownNFTs.push(nftToken.id);
    await stateStore.account.set(senderAddress, senderAccount);

    // debit tokens from sender account to create an NFT <4>
    await reducerHandler.invoke("token:debit", {
      address: senderAddress,
      amount: asset.initValue,
    });

    // save NFTs <5>
    const allTokens = await getAllNFTTokens(stateStore);
    allTokens.push(nftToken);
    await setAllNFTTokens(stateStore, allTokens);
  }
}

module.exports = CreateNFTAsset;
----

> <1> Import `getAllNFTTokens`, `setAllNFTTokens` and `createNFTToken` fromt her `nft.js` file.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> Import `getAllNFTTokens`, `setAllNFTTokens` and `createNFTToken` from the `nft.js` file.
```

    }

    // remove nft from owner account <3>
    const purchaserAddress = transaction.senderAddress;
    const purchaserAccount = await stateStore.account.get(purchaserAddress);

    const ownerTokenIndex = tokenOwner.nft.ownNFTs.findIndex((a) =>
      a.equals(token.id)
    );
    tokenOwner.nft.ownNFTs.splice(ownerTokenIndex, 1);
    await stateStore.account.set(tokenOwnerAddress, tokenOwner);

    // add nft to purchaser account <4>
    purchaserAccount.nft.ownNFTs.push(token.id);
    await stateStore.account.set(purchaserAddress, purchaserAccount);

    token.ownerAddress = purchaserAddress;
    token.value = purchaseValue;
    nftTokens[nftTokenIndex] = token;
    await setAllNFTTokens(stateStore, nftTokens);

    // debit LSK tokens from purchaser account <5>
    await reducerHandler.invoke("token:debit", {
      address: purchaserAddress,
      amount: purchaseValue,
    });

    // credit LSK tokens to purchaser account <6>
    await reducerHandler.invoke("token:credit", {
      address: tokenOwnerAddress,
      amount: purchaseValue,
    });
  }
}

module.exports = PurchaseNFTAsset;
----

> <1> First verify, that the NFT which is purchased exists in the database.

Reviewer 2: If it's numbered, do we need `First` `Next` `Finally`?

Author: Not really. Removed it now 👍

If no NFT is found, a corresponding error is thrown.
<2> Next verify, that the account who wants to transfer the NFT actually owns the NFT.
<3> Next, it is needed to remove the NFT from the current owner account.
The `StateStore` is used here to retrieve the owner account data from the database and later to update the owner account in the database, after the token ID has been removed from their owned tokens.
<4> Next, we add the NFT to the account of the recipient.
The `StateStore` is used again to update the recipient account in the database, after the token ID has been added to their owned tokens.

== The NFT module

Inside the `nft_module/` folder, create a new file `index.js`.

Open `index.js` and create the skeleton, which will contain all parts of the NFT module:

.nft/blockchain_app/nft_module/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require("lisk-sdk");

class NFTModule extends BaseModule { <1>

}

module.exports = { NFTModule }; <2>
----

<1> Extend from the base module to implement a custom module.
<2> Export the module, so it can be imported later into the application.

Now define all required properties for the module one after another.

=== Module ID and name

> Let's start with the most easy ones: defining the module name and id.

Author: ```suggestion
It is recommended to start with the easiest ones: defining the module name and ID.
```

.nft/blockchain_app/nft_module/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require("lisk-sdk");

class NFTModule extends BaseModule {
  name = "nft"; <1>
  id = 1024; <2>
}

module.exports = { NFTModule };
----

<1> Set the module name to `"nft"`.
<2> Set the module id to `1024`.

> You can choose any module name, but it has to be unique in the network.

Reviewer 2: This is correct, but within the network, not only the name and logic must be the same for all the nodes in the network too.

Author: Updated the description 👍

====

.nft/blockchain_app/nft_module/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require("lisk-sdk");

const CreateNFTAsset = require("./transactions/create_nft_asset");
const PurchaseNFTAsset = require("./transactions/purchase_nft_asset");
const TransferNFTAsset = require("./transactions/transfer_nft_asset");

// Extend base module to implement your custom module
class NFTModule extends BaseModule {
  name = "nft";
  id = 1024;
  accountSchema = {
    type: "object",
    required: ["ownNFTs"],
    properties: {
      ownNFTs: {
        type: "array",
        fieldNumber: 4,
        items: {
          dataType: "bytes",
        },
      },
    },
    default: {
      ownNFTs: [],
    },
  };
  // Add the transaction assets to the module
  transactionAssets = [new CreateNFTAsset(), new PurchaseNFTAsset(), new TransferNFTAsset()];
}

module.exports = { NFTModule };

----

=== Actions

As a last feature for the NFT module, we create an action `getAllNFTTokens` which will allow the NFT plugin later to retrieve a list of all existing NFT tokens.

To implement it, we use the function `getAllNFTTokensAsJSON()`, which has been described in section <<nft-related-functions>>.

> The parameter `this._dataAccess` is passed as parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
The variable `this._dataAccess` is passed as a parameter.
```

For the frontend we define the following components:

* `HomePage`: A component for rendering <<the-home-page>>.
* `NFTToken`: A component for rendering an NFT including its details and related actions.
* `TransactionsPage`: A component for rendering <<the-transactions-explorer>>.
* `AccountPage`: A component for rendering the <<account-page, account page>>.
* `Account`: A component for rendering details to a specific account.

Below you find the code examples for the `HomePage` and `NFTToken` components.

//TODO: write a guide about the 2 different account formats and how to change between them conveniently
//TODO: include also explanations about buffer and how to turn it into string and vice versa
.Best practise
[TIP]
====
As you might know, there are two different representations of the account address in the Lisk protocol: the **binary address** and the **base32 address**.

For *backend*, it is always recommended to work with the **binary address**, because this is how the Lisk SDK handles adresses internally.

For the *frontend* however, we recommend to use the *base32* representation of the account address, because it is much more human-readable.
====

> ==== NFT component

Author: Hm yes it is not main focus here, but maybe it is nice to look at Homepage and NFT components here just to make the picture complete. Also we use  certain methods here that we have defined and explained above.

It's not super Lisk specific, but specific for the NFT app imho.

} from "@material-ui/core";
import { makeStyles } from "@material-ui/core/styles";
import { Link as RouterLink } from "react-router-dom";
import { transactions, cryptography, Buffer } from "@liskhq/lisk-client";

import PurchaseNFTTokenDialog from "./dialogs/PurchaseNFTTokenDialog";
import TransferNFTDialog from "./dialogs/TransferNFTDialog";

const useStyles = makeStyles((theme) => ({
  propertyList: {
    listStyle: "none",

    "& li": {
      margin: theme.spacing(2, 0),
      borderBottomColor: theme.palette.divider,
      borderBottomStyle: "solid",
      borderBottomWidth: 1,

      "& dt": {
        display: "block",
        width: "100%",
        fontWeight: "bold",
        margin: theme.spacing(1, 0),
      },
      "& dd": {
        display: "block",
        width: "100%",
        margin: theme.spacing(1, 0),
      },
    },
  },
}));

export default function NFTToken(props) {
  const classes = useStyles();
  const [openPurchase, setOpenPurchase] = useState(false);
  const [openTransfer, setOpenTransfer] = useState(false);
  const base32UIAddress = cryptography.getBase32AddressFromAddress(Buffer.from(props.item.ownerAddress, 'hex'), 'lsk').toString('binary');
  return (

>     <Card>

Author: thats a UI issue. Syntax highlighting theme needs to be changed for this.

        )}
      </CardActions>
    </Card>
  );
}
----

==== Home page component

The home page component renders the following information:

A list of all existing NFTs, rendered as <<nft-component>>.

The NFTs are fetched by utilizing the `fetchAllNFTTokens()` function from the <<api-related-functions>>.

.frontend_app/src/components/HomePage.js
[source,jsx]
----
import React, { Fragment, useEffect, useState } from "react";
import NFTToken from "./NFTToken";
import { Grid } from "@material-ui/core";
import { fetchAllNFTTokens } from "../api";

function HomePage() {
  const [NFTAccounts, setNFTAccounts] = useState([]);

  useEffect(() => {
    async function fetchData() {
      setNFTAccounts(await fetchAllNFTTokens());
    }
    fetchData();
  }, []);

  return (
    <Fragment>
      <Grid container spacing={4}>
        {NFTAccounts.map((item) => (
          <Grid item md={4}>
            <NFTToken item={item} key={item.id} />
          </Grid>
        ))}
      </Grid>
    </Fragment>
  );
}

export default HomePage;
----

:sectnums!:

== Summary

That's it! You should now have a complete example NFT blockchain application running, including:

* a blockchain application with

> ** a custom module for handeling NFTs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** a custom module for handling NFTs.
```

> ** a custom plugin which adds additional features for the NFTs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** a custom plugin that adds additional features for the NFTs.
```

      value: asset.initValue,
      minPurchaseMargin: asset.minPurchaseMargin,
    });

    // update sender account with unique NFT ID <3>
    senderAccount.nft.ownNFTs.push(nftToken.id);
    await stateStore.account.set(senderAddress, senderAccount);

    // debit tokens from sender account to create an NFT <4>
    await reducerHandler.invoke("token:debit", {
      address: senderAddress,
      amount: asset.initValue,
    });

    // save NFTs <5>
    const allTokens = await getAllNFTTokens(stateStore);
    allTokens.push(nftToken);
    await setAllNFTTokens(stateStore, allTokens);
  }
}

module.exports = CreateNFTAsset;
----

<1> Import `getAllNFTTokens`, `setAllNFTTokens` and `createNFTToken` from the `nft.js` file.
<2> Create the NFT based on the asset data and the sender address of the transaction.
<3> Push the ID of the newly created NFT into the sender account.
Save the updated sender account in the database.
<4> Debit the initial value of the NFT from the sender account.
<5> Push the newly created NFT into the list of all NFTs and save it in the database.

=== PurchaseNFT asset

Create a new file `purchase_nft.js` inside the `transactions/` folder.

> Analog to the implementation of the `createNFT` asset, create the `purchaseNFT` asset by pasting the snippet below.

Author: Analog sounds more accurate here to me.

> Analog to the implementation of the `createNFT` asset, create the `purchaseNFT` asset by pasting the snippet below.

Reviewer 3: This is one of these ''either/or'' cases, whereby both are actually correct.
However, this is your excellent tutorial Mona, so let's keep it as 'Analog' 👍

== The NFT module

Inside the `nft_module/` folder, create a new file `index.js`.

Open `index.js` and create the skeleton, which will contain all parts of the NFT module:

.nft/blockchain_app/nft_module/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require("lisk-sdk");

class NFTModule extends BaseModule { <1>

}

module.exports = { NFTModule }; <2>
----

<1> Extend from the base module to implement a custom module.
<2> Export the module, so it can be imported later into the application.

Now define all required properties for the module one after another.

=== Module ID and name
It is recommended to start with the easiest ones: defining the module name and ID.

.nft/blockchain_app/nft_module/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BaseModule } = require("lisk-sdk");

class NFTModule extends BaseModule {
  name = "nft"; <1>
  id = 1024; <2>
}

module.exports = { NFTModule };
----

<1> Set the module name to `"nft"`.
<2> Set the module id to `1024`.

The module ID has to be unique within the network.
The minimum value for it is `1024`, as the other IDs are reserved for future default modules of the Lisk SDK.
If the module ID is not unique, it will cause forks in the network.

> The module name should be unique within the network as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The module name should be unique within the network as well, otherwise, it will lead to confusion.
```

> Otherwise it will lead to confusion, for example when subscribing to events or invoking actions of that module.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, when subscribing to events or invoking actions of that module.
```

Create a new folder `nft_api_plugin/`.

Inside the `nft_api_plugin/` folder, create a new file `index.js`.

.nft/blockchain_app/
[source,bash]
----
mkdir nft_api_plugin
touch nft_api_plugin/index.js
----

Open `index.js` and create the skeleton, which will contain all parts of the NFT plugin:

.nft/blockchain_app/nft_api_plugin/index.js
[source,js]
----
const { BasePlugin } = require("lisk-sdk");
const pJSON = require("../package.json");

class NFTAPIPlugin extends BasePlugin { <1>
  _server = undefined;
  _app = undefined;
  _channel = undefined;
  _db = undefined;
  _nodeInfo = undefined;

  static get alias() { <2>
    return "NFTHttpApi";
  }

  static get info() { <3>
    return {
      author: pJSON.author,
      version: pJSON.version,
      name: pJSON.name,
    };
  }

  get defaults() {
    return {};
  }

  get events() {
    return [];
  }

  get actions() {
    return {};
  }
}

module.exports = { NFTAPIPlugin }; <4>
----

<1> Extend from the base plugin to implement a custom plugin.
<2> Set the alias for the plugin to `NFTHttpApi`.
<3> Set the meta information for the plugin.
Here, we use the data from the `package.json` file.

> <4> Export the plugin, so it can be imported later into the application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<4> Export the plugin, so it can be imported into the application later.
```

=== Database related functions

> For a better overview, first create another file which will contain the functions related to the plugin database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For an enhanced overview, first, create another file that will contain the functions related to the plugin database.
```

Here, we use a key-value store to save the data, similar to how the on-chain related data is saved in the default key-value store of the blockchain application.

Create a new file `db.js`.

> Paste the below snippet into the newly created file `db.js`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the below snippet into the newly created file `db.js`.
```

Here, we define a simple array, which contains the addresses of the current and all previous owners of the NFT.
<4> `dbKey`: The key we use to save the owner history of a newly created NFT in the key-value store.
<5> `dbKey`: The same key as in <4>, but it can be retrieved directly from the transaction asset for an existing NFT in the key-value store.

=== The plugin logic

Now go back to `index.js` and implement the desired plugin logic.

The plugin shall provide the following additional data to the application:

* a list of all existing NFTs and their corresponding owner history.
* details of an NFT including the owner history, by NFT ID.
* a list of all transactions, including their module and asset IDs and the transaction asset.

To create this data, the plugin needs to listen to events for new blocks in the blockchain application.
When a new block is created, the plugin checks if the block contains transactions and if so, saves them in the key-value store of the plugin.
In case the block contains transactions of the NFT module, it will also update the owner history of the NFTs in the key-value store.

> We will then create an HTTP server and create the required API endpoints to serve the data to the frontend application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will then create an HTTP server and also create the required API endpoints to serve the data to the frontend application.
```

    // listen to application events and enrich blockchain data for UI/third party application
    this._channel.subscribe('app:block:new', async (data) => {
      const { block } = data;
      const { payload } = codec.decode(
        this.schemas.block,
        Buffer.from(block, 'hex'),
      );
      if (payload.length > 0) {
        await saveTransactions(this._db, payload);
        const decodedBlock = this.codec.decodeBlock(block);
        // save NFT transaction history
        await saveNFTHistory(this._db, decodedBlock, this._nodeInfo.registeredModules, this._channel);
      }
    });
  }

  async unload() {
    // close http server
    await new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
      this._server.close((err) => {
        if (err) {
          reject(err);
          return;
        }
        resolve();
      });
    });
    // close database connection
    await this._db.close();
  }
}

module.exports = { NFTAPIPlugin };
----

== Registering module and plugin

Now that the NFT module and plugin have been implemented, it is necessary to let the blockchain application know about them.

This is done by registering them with the blockchain application as shown below.

> Open again the `nft/blockchain_app/index.js` file and paste the following code:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Open the `nft/blockchain_app/index.js` file again and copy and paste the following code:
```

// 6.Register custom NFT Module and Plugins
app.registerModule(NFTModule);
app.registerPlugin(HTTPAPIPlugin);
app.registerPlugin(NFTAPIPlugin);

// 7.Run the application
app
	.run()
	.then(() => console.info('NFT Blockchain running....'))
	.catch(console.error);

----

Save and close the `index.js`.

Now when the application is started again with `node index.js`, the blockchain application will load the newly created NFT module and the plugins and the new features will become available to the blockchain application.

In the next step, we will build a simple React frontend, which allows us to interact with the blockchain application through the browser.

== Frontend application

The final part of the NFT application is the frontend application.

[NOTE]
====
The development of the frontend application is completely flexible, and you can use any technology stack that you feel comfortable with.

In this example, we use React to build the client application.
====

This tutorial is mainly about explaining how to build with the Lisk SDK, therefore other parts of the frontend app are not explained in much detail here.

> You can get more information about how to build a React application for example at the {url_react_docs}[official React documentation^].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can find more information about how to build a React application, for example in the {url_react_docs}[official React documentation^].
```

For convenience, clone the `development` branch from the `lisk-sdk-examples` GitHub repository and use the prepared NFT frontend_app from the sdk examples.

.nft/
[source,bash]
----
git clone https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples.git
mv lisk-sdk-examples/tutorials/nft/frontend_app frontend_app
rm -r ./lisk-sdk-examples
cd frontend_app
npm i
----

At this point it is now possible to already try out the frontend and verify that the NFT blockchain application works as expected:

First, open a second terminal window and navigate to the `nft/blockchain_app`. Now start the blockchain application with `node index.js`, if it is not already running.

In the first terminal window, start the frontend application with the following:

[source,bash]
----
npm start
----

This should open the React app in the browser under http://localhost:3000/.

=== Frontend walkabout

> Before we explore the code of the frontend app, lets first take a tour through the frontend in the browser, to see how it all works together.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before we explore the code of the frontend app, let's first take a tour through the frontend in the browser to see how it all works together.
```

passphrase: boss annual room suspect ride robot connect repeat relax govern dolphin depth
base32Address: lsktxksfsbmkmoto68y7edszaecgpnaxqqg7cs43d
--------------------------------
Collector1
passphrase: mammal fan below aspect thing iron uniform then humble double endorse gauge
base32Address: lskybgqryr9tk4m3rdp66ethaf6xurm6hj8c93udo
--------------------------------
Collector2
passphrase: emotion project prepare cream double damage gentle basket submit enhance between drill
base32Address: lskha38ewso7do8zeuqx8qnyoqd8962mk48atknbs
================================
----

However, you can also create new credentials by using the `Create Account` dialog:

image:tutorials/nft/02-create-account.png[]

==== The home page

The home page is the landing page you see when opening the frontend app under `http://localhost:3000/` in the browser.

image:tutorials/nft/01-home-notes.png[]

On the first start of the app, the page is quite empty. However, once we have created the first NFTs, the home page will display all existing NFTs and their details.

In the top bar, there is a link to the transactions explorer, which displays a list of all transactions which are included in the blockchain.

> Currently, it should be empty as well, as we haven't send any transactions yet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, it should be empty as well, as we haven't sent any transactions yet.
```

====

image:tutorials/nft/06-transfer-nft.png[]

Now wait 10 seconds and refresh the home page again, to see the updated owner and history of the NFT.

image:tutorials/nft/07-home-nft.png[]

==== Purchasing an NFT

To test the `Purchase NFT` option, purchase the NFT with the Collector2 account:

image:tutorials/nft/08-purchase-nft.png[]

Now wait again 10 seconds, to see the updated owner and history of the NFT.

Click on the account addresses in the NFT history, to view the account details of the corresponding account on a new page:

.Collector1 account details
image:tutorials/nft/10-collector1-account-page.png[]

[[account-page]]
.Collector2 account details
image:tutorials/nft/09-collector2-account-page.png[]

On the account page of Collector2, the NFT is now included.

Have a close look at the `Token value` property, which has increased from 120 to 132 due to the purchase.

==== The transactions explorer

Click on the `Transactions` link in the top bar, to go to the transaction explorer.

> Here you see a list of all transactions, which have been posted in the network so far, including a few details such as their respective module and asset name, the sender address and the transaction ID.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here you can see a list of all transactions, which have been posted in the network so far, including a few details such as their respective module and asset name, the sender address, and the transaction ID.
```

image:tutorials/nft/11-transactions.png[]

==== Creating non-purchasable NFTs

To become more familiar with the process, play around a little more with the NFT app by creating more NFTs.

For example, it is also possible to create non-purchasable NFTs by setting the minimum purchase margin to zero.

image:tutorials/nft/12-create-mew.png[]

The refreshed home page will then look like this:

image:tutorials/nft/13-home-nft.png[]

> That's it, the frontend walkabout in the browser is complete.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
That's it, the frontend walkabout in the browser is now complete.
```

    .then((res) => res.json())
    .then((res) => res.data);
};

export const sendTransactions = async (tx) => {
  return fetch("http://localhost:4000/api/transactions", {
    method: "POST",
    headers: {
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
    },
    body: JSON.stringify(tx),
  })
    .then((res) => res.json())
    .then((res) => res.data);
};

export const fetchAllNFTTokens = async () => {
  return fetch("http://localhost:8080/api/nft_tokens")
    .then((res) => res.json())
    .then((res) => res.data);
};

export const fetchNFTToken = async (id) => {
  return fetch(`http://localhost:8080/api/nft_tokens/${id}`)
    .then((res) => res.json())
    .then((res) => res.data);
};

export const getAllTransactions = async () => {
  return fetch(`http://localhost:8080/api/transactions`)
    .then((res) => res.json())
    .then((res) => {
      return res.data;
    });
};
----

=== Functions for creating transactions

The `utils/` folder of the frontend app stores certain utility functions for creating the different transaction types.

The functions will be used in the <<dialogs>> below to create and send the transaction objects based on the form data in the dialog.

> The transactions are created and signed by utilizing the `signTransaction()`  from the `@liskhq/lisk-client` package.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The transactions are created and signed by utilizing the `signTransaction()` from the `@liskhq/lisk-client` package.
```
